#LyX 1.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 221
\textclass article
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\fontscheme default
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single 
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 0
\use_natbib 0
\use_numerical_citations 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 2
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy

\layout Title


\noun on 
Pipeline:
\noun default 
 Scheduling Extension
\layout Author


\noun on 
Copyright 
\begin_inset ERT
status Open

\layout Standard

\backslash 
copyright 
\end_inset 

 \SpecialChar ~
2004 Temerity Software, Inc.
\layout Standard


\begin_inset LatexCommand \tableofcontents{}

\end_inset 


\layout Section

Overview
\layout Standard

Up to now, the features of 
\noun on 
Pipeline
\noun default 
 have been oriented around the methodologies of accomplishing a complex
 task involving the collaboration of many artists and automated procedures.
 With the exception of check-in log messages, 
\noun on 
Pipeline
\noun default 
 has been largely agnostic as to how artist communicate with one another,
 their supervisors and the production staff.
 This document proposes an extension to 
\noun on 
Pipeline
\noun default 
 which would integrate scheduling, the approval process, time sheets and
 other administrative features with the existing functionality of 
\noun on 
Pipeline
\noun default 
.
\layout Section

Tasks
\layout Standard

The process of managing a production can be thought of as the process of
 breaking the project down into clearly achievable tasks and assigning these
 tasks to the available personnel in an order which minimizes the overall
 time needed to complete the project.
 There may also be client driven constraints which require certain tasks
 to be performed in an order needed to meet milestones along the way as
 well.
\layout Standard

A Task is somewhat analogous to a 
\noun on 
Pipeline
\noun default 
 Node in that they both represent a stage in a process.
 However, there isn't a direct one-to-one relationship between Nodes and
 Tasks.
 Tasks can be thought of as a more abstract and high level representation
 of the production.
 Typically, Tasks are usually created early in the planning stages of the
 production process.
 As the production progresses, Nodes may later created to implement some
 or all of the goals of an existing Task.
 Tasks may even be used to schedule work which never has any associated
 Nodes.
\layout Standard

Due to these differences, Pipeline represents Tasks separately from Nodes
 but provides connections between these two systems where they interact.
\layout Subsection

Properties
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Name
\layout Standard

Each Task is given a unique name within the Project.
 This name should be a short identifier similar to the last component of
 a Node name.
 
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Supervisor
\layout Standard

The name of the user who has supervisory responsibilities for the Task.
 This could be a Lead Artist, a Producer or the Director for the Project.
 The Supervisor has special privileges and responsibilities related to the
 Task.
 Initially, the Supervisor is the user who created the Task but this can
 be changed later.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Owner
\layout Standard

The name of the Artist to whom the Task is currently assigned.
 This does necessarily mean that the artist is currently working on the
 Task, only that the currently plan is for them to eventually complete the
 Task.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Start Date
\layout Standard

The estimated date and time when work on the Task should have begun.
 This can be different from when work actually does begin.
 This information contributes to the process which determines the order
 Tasks are assigned and acts as a metric for evaluating Project progress.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Completion Date
\layout Standard

The estimated date and time when all work on the Task should be complete
 and approved.
 Similar to the Start Date, this information is provided for scheduling
 and information purposes and may not exactly correspond to the actual completio
n date.
\layout Subsection

Tags
\layout Standard

Privileged users may define an arbitrary set of Tags for each Project.
 Each Tag has an identifying name and a set of possible values used to classify
 Tasks.
 
\layout Standard

For instance, a CGI project might define a Tag called 
\noun on 
Type
\noun default 
 with values such as: 
\noun on 
Design, Research, Texturing, Modeling, Rigging, Animation, Lighting, Compositing
, Tracking
\noun default 
, etc...
 The same project might also define
\noun on 
 
\noun default 
a 
\noun on 
Shot
\noun default 
 Tag with values corresponding to the scene and shot breakdown of the project.
 
\layout Standard

Each Task may select one or more of the defined values for each Tag.
 Tags may be either can be created in one of two modes: Exclusive or Multiple.
 Exclusive Tags require that the Task selects zero or one of the values
 for which make up the Tag.
 Multiple Tags allow several values to be selected at once.
 
\layout Standard

The 
\noun on 
Type
\noun default 
 example Tag above would probably be an Exclusive Tag, while the 
\noun on 
Shot
\noun default 
 example Tag would be a Multiple Tag.
 For instance, consider a modeling task which produces a model used in several
 shots.
 It might use the 
\noun on 
Type[Modeling]
\noun default 
 and 
\noun on 
Shot[12_10,12_13,23_4]
\noun default 
 Tags.
\layout Standard

Tags can be used to filter which Tasks are shown in the Task Timeline and
 to sort and group the shown Tasks according to Tag commonalities.
 Tags can also aid in the process of assigning Jobs to Artists capable of
 accomplishing the Task.
 
\layout Subsection

Constraints
\layout Standard

Some Tasks cannot (or should not) be started or actively worked on until
 other Tasks have already been completed (
\noun on 
CBB
\noun default 
 or 
\noun on 
Final
\noun default 
 Event) or reached its first intermediate state of completion (
\noun on 
Approve
\noun default 
 Event).
 Until all constraints have been met for a Task, its 
\noun on 
Start Date
\noun default 
 cannot be moved to a time earlier than the Event on the constraining Task.
 In the case where no Events yet exist on the constraining Task, the 
\noun on 
Start Date
\noun default 
 cannot be moved to a time earlier than the
\noun on 
 Start Date
\noun default 
 of the constraining Task (for
\noun on 
 Approve
\noun default 
 constraints) or the 
\noun on 
Completion Date
\noun default 
 (for 
\noun on 
CBB
\noun default 
 or 
\noun on 
Final
\noun default 
 constants).
 While constrained, the Task will not accept 
\noun on 
Start
\noun default 
 Events.
\layout Subsection

Current Nodes
\layout Standard

Each task may be associated with a set of 
\noun on 
Pipeline
\noun default 
 Nodes.
 Only checked-in versions of Nodes may be associated with a Task.
 The 
\noun on 
Add Node
\noun default 
, 
\noun on 
Remove Node
\noun default 
 and 
\noun on 
Update
\noun default 
 events described below alter which Nodes and/or which version of a Node
 are associated with a Task.
 The most up-to-date set of checked-in Node versions associated with the
 Task make up the Current Nodes.
 
\layout Standard

The history Task Events which change the associates node provide a way of
 determining which nodes and/or node versions where associated with the
 Task at any point in time.
\layout Subsection

Event History
\layout Standard

Each Task maintains a log of the Task Events which have occurred for the
 Task.
 The Event History provides a detailed accounting of the life of a Task
 from creation to completion including all interaction between the Supervisors
 and Owners of a Task.
\layout Subsection

Task States
\layout Standard

The Task State represents the currently state of progress in completing
 the Task.
 Task Events can be used to change the state of a Task.
 At any point in time, a Task will have one of the following states.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Unassigned
\layout Standard

The initial state of the Task.
 The Task has no Owner.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Inactive
\layout Standard

An Artist has been assigned as the Owner of the Task, but no work is currently
 being done to accomplish the Task.
 
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Active
\layout Standard

The Owner of the Task in actively working on the Task.
 
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Needs Approval
\layout Standard

The Owner of the Task has completed an intermediate step toward the completion
 of the task which must be approved by the
\emph on 
 
\emph default 
Supervisor before work can continue.
 The Owner will not actively work on the Task until the step is approved
 or otherwise commented upon by the Supervisor.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Approved
\layout Standard

The Supervisor has reviewed and approved the previous intermediate step
 submitted by the Owner.
 
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Changes
\noun default 
 
\noun on 
Required
\layout Standard

The Supervisor has reviewed the previous intermediate step submitted by
 the Owner and has submitted a message giving additional direction concerning
 the Task.
 The Owner of the Task should not continue working on the task until they
 have read the associated message.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Held
\layout Standard

The Supervisor or Owner has decided that all work on this Task should be
 temporarily suspended until further notice.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Could Be Better
\layout Standard

The Supervisor has reviewed the last approval request and has decided that
 the current state of the Task is good enough to be considered 
\noun on 
Finalled
\noun default 
.
 However, there are some remaining issues that could be addressed once all
 other Tasks reach a 
\noun on 
Could Be Better
\noun default 
 or 
\noun on 
Finalled
\noun default 
 state in order to improve the quality of the Project.
 No work should progress on this Task until further notice.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Finalled
\layout Standard

The Supervisor has decided that the Task has been completed and no further
 changes should take place.
 Once a Task has been 
\noun on 
Finalled
\noun default 
, only the Supervisor may request further changes to the Task.
\layout Section

Task Events
\layout Standard

Task Events represent the occurrence of a significant change in the Task
 Properties, Dependencies or Current Nodes associated with a Task.
 Each Task Event is logged in the Event History for the specific Task which
 is the target of the Event.
\layout Standard

All operations which modify the scheduling system involve generating a Task
 Event.
 Some of these events are generated by the direct interaction with the schedulin
g user interface and some are generated as a side effect of operations on
 the Nodes associated with a Task.
\layout Subsection

Event Properties
\layout Standard

Task Events have a set of properties associated which differ depending on
 the kind of event.
 However, all Task Events contain at least a 
\noun on 
Name
\noun default 
, 
\noun on 
Author
\noun default 
 and 
\noun on 
TimeStamp
\noun default 
 property.
 
\layout Standard

The full set of properties are:
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
Name: 
\noun default 
The symbolic name of type of Event which has occurred.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
Author
\noun default 
: The name of the user who generated the Task Event.
 Usually this is either the Owner or Supervisor for the Task.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
Time Stamp
\noun default 
: When the Task Event was generated.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
: A text message explaining the reason for the event and/or additional informati
on or requirements to be associated with the Task.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
Node
\noun default 
: The fully resolved name and revision number of specific checked-in Node
 who's association with the Task is being changed.
\layout Subsection

Event Types
\layout Standard

The following details meaning and usage of the complete set of Task Events.
 There are restrictions on who may generate some types of Events.
 Each of the following Task Events begins with an 
\noun on 
Access
\noun default 
 section which lists the classes of users which are allowed to generate
 the Event.
 The possible values for 
\noun on 
Access
\noun default 
 are: 
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
Privileged
\noun default 
: Only users with privileged status may generate the Event.
 Typically, only supervisory and administrative users have privileged status
 when using 
\noun on 
Pipeline
\noun default 
.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
Supervisor
\noun default 
: Only the user who's name matches the Supervisor property of the Task may
 generate the Event.
 Note that this user need not have privileged status.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
Owner
\noun default 
: Only the user who's name matches the Owner property of the Task may generate
 the Event.
\layout Itemize

A
\noun on 
ny
\noun default 
: Any user may generate the Event.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Create
\layout Standard

Access
\noun on 
: Privileged
\layout Standard

This Event causes a new Task to be created.
 The initial Name, Supervisor properties must be specified for the Task.
 In addition, an initial 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 must be given which outlines the requirements for completion of the Task.
 The new Task will be created with a Task State of
\noun on 
 Unassigned
\noun default 
.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Assign
\layout Standard

Access
\noun on 
: Privileged, Supervisor
\layout Standard

This Event changes the 
\noun on 
Owner
\noun default 
 of the Task and sets the Task State to 
\noun on 
Inactive
\noun default 
.
 An optional 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 may be given for this Event to explain the change of assignment.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Manage
\layout Standard

Access: 
\noun on 
Privileged, Supervisor
\layout Standard

This Event changes the Supervisor of the Task.
 An optional 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 may be given for this Event to explain the change of supervision.
 Task State is unchanged by this Event.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Start
\layout Standard

Access
\noun on 
: Owner
\layout Standard

This Event signals that the Owner of the Task has begun actively working
 on the Task and changes the Task State to 
\noun on 
Active
\noun default 
.
 An optional 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 may be given for this Event to explaining the intended course of action.
 This Event is generated when the Owner begins work on the Task for the
 day or switches to this Task from another Task.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Stop
\layout Standard

Access
\noun on 
: Owner
\layout Standard

This Event signals that the Owner of the Task has ceased actively working
 on the Task and changes the Task State to 
\noun on 
Inactive
\noun default 
.
 An optional 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 may be given for this Event to explaining the reason work as ceased.
 This Event is generated when the Owner switches to work on another Task
 or leaves for the day.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Add Node
\layout Standard

Access: 
\noun on 
Privileged, Supervisor, Owner
\layout Standard

This Event adds one or more checked-in Node versions to the set Current
 Nodes associated with the Task.
 If a different version of any of the given Nodes are already associated
 with the Task an error will be generated.
 An optional 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 may be given with this Event to explaining the reason for adding the Node
 to the Task.
 Task State is unchanged by this Event.
 
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Remove Node
\layout Standard

Access: 
\noun on 
Privileged, Supervisor, Owner
\layout Standard

This Event removes one or more Nodes from the Current Nodes associated with
 a Task.
 An optional 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 may be given for this Event to explaining the reason for the disassociation
 of the Nodes with the Task.
 Task State is unchanged by this Event.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Update 
\layout Standard

Access
\noun on 
: Any
\layout Standard

This Event signals the completion of an intermediate step toward the completion
 of the Task which should be brought to the attention of the Supervisor
 of the Task.
 However, this step does not require the Supervisor's approval.
 A 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 must be provided explaining the progress which has been made.
 Task State is unchanged by this Event.
\layout Standard

This Event may be generated manually by the Owner to log progress on a Task
 which is unrelated to any Node.
 More commonly though, this Event is generated automatically as part of
 a check-in operation for one or more of the Current Nodes associated with
 the Task.
 In this case, the 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 property of the Event is copied from the check-in log message.
 The revision numbers stored for the Current Nodes are also updated.
\layout Standard

Note that it is possible for users other than the Owner to generate this
 Event.
 It may be cause for concern if this Event was not expected by the Owner
 and Supervisor of the Task.
 The more liberal access to Any user is allowed so that renegade check-ins
 for Current Nodes associated with the Task will be brought to the Owner's
 and Supervisor's attention as soon as possible.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Submit
\layout Standard

Access
\noun on 
: Owner
\layout Standard

This Event signals the completion of an intermediate step toward the completion
 of the Task which requires the Supervisor's approval.
 This Event is identical to the Update Event with the exception that it
 also changes the Task State to 
\noun on 
Needs Approval
\noun default 
 and can only be performed by the Owner of the Task.
\layout Standard

When a Node is checked-in, if the user performing the check-in is the Owner
 of a Task associated with the Node, they are given the option of choosing
 whether an Update Event or Submit Event will be generated.
 If the user performing the check-in is not the Owner, an Update Event is
 always generated.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Approve
\layout Standard

Access: 
\noun on 
Supervisor
\layout Standard

This Event signals that the Supervisor has reviewed and approved the intermediat
e step marked by a previous Update or Submit Event.
 An optional 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 may be given for this Event to further elaborate on the approval.
 This event sets the Task State to 
\noun on 
Approved
\noun default 
.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Change
\layout Standard

Access: 
\noun on 
Supervisor
\layout Standard

This Event signals that the Supervisor has reviewed the Task and has added
 additional directions and/or requirements which must be satisfied for the
 Task.
 A 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 must be given which explains the required course of action.
 This event sets the Task State to 
\noun on 
Change Required
\noun default 
.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Hold
\layout Standard

Access: 
\noun on 
Supervisor, Owner
\layout Standard

This Event signals that work on the Task should be temporarily suspended
 until further notice.
 An optional 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 may be given for this Event to explain the hold.
 This event sets the Task State to 
\noun on 
Hold
\noun default 
.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
CBB
\layout Standard

Access: 
\noun on 
Supervisor
\layout Standard

This Event signals that the Supervisor has reviewed the previous intermediate
 step and decided that the current state of the Task is good enough to be
 considered complete.
 However, there are some remaining issues which could be addressed once
 all other Tasks have reached a 
\noun on 
Could Be Better
\noun default 
 or 
\noun on 
Finalled State
\noun default 
.
 A
\noun on 
 Message
\noun default 
 is required to explain the remaining issues to be addressed.
 This event sets the Task State to 
\noun on 
Could Be Better.
\layout Subsubsection


\noun on 
Finalled
\layout Standard

Access: 
\noun on 
Supervisor
\layout Standard

This Event signals that the Supervisor has reviewed the previous intermediate
 step and has decided that the Task is complete.
 An optional 
\noun on 
Message
\noun default 
 may be given for this Event as a final comment.
 This event sets the Task State to 
\noun on 
Finalled
\noun default 
.
\layout Subsection

Task Events for each Task State
\layout Standard

The following tables describe the types of Task Events which can be generated
 based on the current Task State.
 The structure of the tables in as follows:
\newline 

\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="2" columns="3">
<features>
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="0">
<row topline="true">
<cell multicolumn="1" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\emph on 
Initial State
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\emph on 
Event
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\emph on 
Access
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\emph on 
New State
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\newline 

\newline 

\layout Standard

Where the 
\emph on 
Initial State
\emph default 
 is the Task State before the event is generated.
 The 
\emph on 
Event
\emph default 
 is the generated Task Event.
 The 
\emph on 
Access
\emph default 
 section consists of a set of letter representing the types of users which
 may generate the Task Event: O=Owner, P=Privileged, S=Supervisor, A=Any.
 The 
\emph on 
New State
\emph default 
 is the Task State after the event has been generated.
\newline 

\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="2" columns="3">
<features>
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" rightline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" rightline="true" width="0">
<row topline="true">
<cell multicolumn="1" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

(none)
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Create
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
P
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Unassigned
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\newline 

\newline 

\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="2" columns="3">
<features>
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="0">
<row topline="true">
<cell multicolumn="1" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Unassigned
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Assign
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
PS
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Inactive
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\newline 

\newline 

\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="8" columns="3">
<features>
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="0">
<row topline="true">
<cell multicolumn="1" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Active
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Stop
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
O
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Inactive
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Add Node
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
PSO
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

(unchanged)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Remove Node
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
PSO
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

(unchanged)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Update
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
A
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

(unchanged)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Submit
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
O
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Needs Approval
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Direct
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
S
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Changes Required
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Hold
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
SO
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Held
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\newline 

\newline 

\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="5" columns="3">
<features>
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="0">
<row topline="true">
<cell multicolumn="1" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Needs Approval
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Approve
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
S
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Approved
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Hold
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
SO
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Held
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
CBB
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
S
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Could Be Better
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Final
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
S
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Finalled
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 

 
\newline 

\newline 

\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="5" columns="3">
<features>
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="0">
<row topline="true">
<cell multicolumn="1" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Approved
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Start
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
O
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Active
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Hold
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
SO
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Held
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
CBB
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
S
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Could Be Better
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Final
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
S
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\family roman 
\series medium 
\shape up 
\size normal 
\emph off 
\bar no 
\noun off 
\color none
Finalled
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 

 
\newline 

\newline 

\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="2" columns="3">
<features>
<column alignment="block" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="block" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="block" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="1in">
<row topline="true">
<cell multicolumn="1" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Changes Required
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Start
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

O
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Active
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 

 
\newline 

\newline 

\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="2" columns="3">
<features>
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="0">
<row topline="true">
<cell multicolumn="1" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Held
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Direct
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
S
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Changes Required
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 

 
\newline 

\newline 

\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="3" columns="3">
<features>
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="0">
<row topline="true">
<cell multicolumn="1" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Could Be Better
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Direct
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
S
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Changes Required
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Final
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
S
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Finalled
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 

  
\newline 

\newline 

\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="2" columns="3">
<features>
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="0">
<row topline="true">
<cell multicolumn="1" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Finalled
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Direct
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
S
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Changes Required
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 

 
\newline 

\newline 

\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="2" columns="3">
<features>
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" width="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="0">
<row topline="true">
<cell multicolumn="1" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

(any)
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true">
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
Manage
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
PS
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

(unchanged)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 

  
\newline 

\newline 

\layout Section

Projects
\layout Standard

All Tasks and their associated Events are contained within a Project.
 A Project represents a logical unit of work which is largely independent.
 Examples include: a commercial, a film project or a video game.
 Within a particular Project, a Task must be unique and any specific Node
 may only be associated with one Task.
 However, different Projects may have Tasks which share association with
 a Node.
 For instance, a model may be used in one Project and then later be reused
 in another Project.
 It is even possible that more than one Project active at the same time
 may share a Node.
 
\layout Section

User Interface
\layout Standard

The previous sections have concentrated on the mechanics of how Tasks and
 Event are represented and how they interact behind the scenes.
 This section describes the design of the interface presented to the user
 and tries to give some idea of a typical work flow using this system.
\layout Subsection

Task Timeline Panel
\layout Standard

The Timeline is the primary visualization of a Project and its Tasks.
 Essentially, the Timeline is a graph with time as the horizontal axis and
 the list of Tasks as the vertical axis.
 Each Task is represented by a horizontal bar which spanning the period
 of time that the Task is active.
 This bar is segmented at Task Events and colored according to the Task
 State during the interval between Events.
 
\layout Standard

The set of Tasks displayed may be filtered using a criteria involving the
 Owner and Supervisor names and any combination of Tag values.
 These same criteria are also used to sort and organize the displayed Tasks.
 For instance, it would be possible to view only those Tasks assigned to
 a particular user (or users) and arrange them in a nested hierarchy first
 by 
\noun on 
Shot 
\noun default 
and then by 
\noun on 
Type
\noun default 
 Tag values.
 Alternatively, only those Tasks which set the 
\noun on 
Model
\noun default 
 value of the 
\noun on 
Type
\noun default 
 Tag could be displayed sorted by Task 
\noun on 
Owner
\noun default 
.
 The current Task State can also be used as part of the filter and sort
 criteria.
\layout Subsection

Task Details Panel
\layout Standard

The Timeline can be used to select a specific Task or an Event for more
 detail.
 The Task Details panel provides access to all Task Properties, Tags, Constraint
s, State and Event History information associated with the Task.
 This information is presented in a form similar to the Node Details and
 History panels.
 The Timeline and Node Details panels will be linked so that selecting an
 Event from the Task's bar in the Timeline will cause the Task Details panel
 to scroll to the corresponding Event in the history.
\layout Subsection

Task Nodes Panel
\layout Standard

This panel displays the set of Current Nodes for the Tasks selected in the
 Task Timeline.
 Nodes may be displayed in a textual table form or as a set of thumbnails
 images associated with the Node.
 The Edit operation is available for these Nodes within this panel.
 Also, if there is a Node Browser panel which shares the same panel group,
 the Nodes may be added to the selection of the Node Browser from this panel.
\layout Subsection

Event Generation
\layout Standard

Task Events can be generated from the Timeline and Task Details panel using
 a context sensitive pop-up menu similar to that used to perform Node operations
 such as check-in and check-out.
 Only the set of events which are legal for the current user and Task State
 will be enabled in this pop-up menu.
\layout Subsection

Node Interface Changes
\layout Standard

In order to keep Tasks in sync with the Node side of 
\noun on 
Pipeline
\noun default 
, some changes will be needed to the user interface related to Nodes.
 
\layout Standard

Whenever a Node has been associated with a Task, the State of the Task and
 the relationship of its Owner to the current user should be represented
 whenever a Node is visualized.
 The most important place for this to occur is in the Node Viewer panel.
 One idea is for some small iconic modifier to be rendered near to the Node's
 symbol in the graph which would alert the user and provide an anchor for
 the the Task Event pop-up menu and a way to jump to the task in the Timeline
 panel.
 
\layout Standard

When a Node operation is performed for a Node which has an associated Task
 some additional actions should be taken.
 
\layout Standard

In the case of a Check-In operation where the current user is the Owner
 of the Task, an option should be added to the Check-In panel which allows
 the user to specify whether an 
\noun on 
Update
\noun default 
 or 
\noun on 
Submit
\noun default 
 Event should be generated.
 If the current user is not the Owner, a warning dialog should be displayed
 advising the user that they are not the Owner of the Task and should not
 proceed, if they choose to Check-In the Node anyway, an Update Event should
 be generated automatically.
 Regardless of the current user and Owner, a warning message should be generated
 if a Check-In is attempted if the associated Task is not in an 
\noun on 
Active
\noun default 
 state.
 In all cases the check-in log message will be used for the Task Events.
\layout Standard

Any Node operation which would modify the working version of the Node (such
 as Edit, Link, Unlink, Renumber or Node property changes) should cause
 a warning dialog to be displayed before performing the operation if there
 exists an associated Task and the current user is not the 
\noun on 
Owner
\noun default 
 of the Task or the Task is not in an 
\noun on 
Active
\noun default 
 state.
\layout Standard

These warning shouldn't stop the user from performing the operation, but
 hopefully make them think about the consequences before proceeding.
\the_end
