
                TEMERITY SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

                 IMPORTANT - PLEASE READ CAREFULLY

TEMERITY (DEFINED BELOW) IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE (DEFINED
BELOW) ONLY TO THE CUSTOMER (DEFINED BELOW) AND ONLY IF ALL OF THE TERMS
CONTAINED IN THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ARE ACCEPTED BY THE
CUSTOMER. BY INSTALLING AND/OR USING AND/OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE
SOFTWARE THE CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IT SHALL BE
BOUND BY THE TERMS CONTAINED HEREIN.


                       ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS

a) "Agreement" means this Temerity Software License Agreement;

b) "Temerity" means Temerity Software, Inc;

c) "Customer" means the end user of the Software that acquires the
License pursuant to this Agreement as identified on the Order;

d) "Delivery" means delivery of the media upon which the Software is
provided to a carrier by Temerity, its supplier representative agent or
fulfillment services provider for carriage to Customer, or, where the
Software is to be delivered via download, at such time when the Software
is made available to Customer for download;

e) "License" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Article 2(a);

f) "Materials" means any and all documentation and/or material provided
to Customer by Temerity or Reseller in relation to the Software;

g) "License Key" means the confidential data file named
"temerity-software.key" generated by the Customer using the Software
during configuration of the Software for compatibility with the file
system, network and other specifications of the Original Site;

h) "Order" means either: (i) the purchase order of Customer relating to
the acquisition of one or more Licenses, which has been accepted by
Temerity or by a Reseller in Temerity's or Reseller's sole discretion,
as applicable; or (ii) a quotation that has been issued by Temerity or a
Reseller in respect of one or more Licenses, which has been accepted by
Customer in accordance with and subject to its terms;

i) "Original Site" means the Customer site identified on the Order;

j) "Proprietary Material" means the Software, License Key generated by
Customer and the Materials, including any portion thereof in any
embodiment, including copies thereof, and any other information or data
relating to the Software, in written, graphic, or machine readable form,
received by Customer from Temerity or from a Reseller, including, but
not limited to, designs, improvements, concepts and ideas, provided,
however, that Proprietary Material does not include information and/or
data that is rightfully in Customer's possession prior to its receipt
from Temerity or Reseller;

k) "Reseller" means an authorized reseller of Temerity, which has been
authorized to distribute Software;

l) "Software" means the Temerity software product(s), in object code,
Java byte-code or other binary form, described on the Order and provided
to Customer pursuant to this Agreement and shall include any and all
updates or upgrades thereto subsequently acquired by or provided to
Customer;

m) "Third Party Material" means any software and/or documentation and/or
material provided to Customer with the Software or in relation thereto,
which has been produced and/or licensed by a third party and
subsequently provided and/or made available and/or licensed to Temerity
by such third party for inclusion with the Software; and

n) "Warranty Period" means the period commencing upon Delivery and
ending upon the ninetieth (90th) day after Delivery.


                     ARTICLE 2 - SOFTWARE RIGHTS

a) LICENSE GRANT.  Temerity has granted to Customer and Customer has
accepted, a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited
license to use the Software, subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement (the "License").

b) Online Support Resources. Temerity may, at its sole discretion,
provide Customer access to online support resources including a bug
database, user discussion forums, tutorials and other instructional
material.  These resources may be provided to aid Customer in resolving
questions about the proper usage of the Software and in reporting any to
Temerity possible failures of the Software to conform with the provided
specification contained in the Software documentation furnished to
Customer. In addition, the Online Support Resources may act as a source
of information about work-arounds as well as the status of any possible
remedies for such reported failures.  No guarantees are made by Temerity
that such remedies exist or will be made available to Customer through
use of these Online Support Resources.  The use of these Online Support
Resources by Customer shall not in any way alter or amend the rights and
responsibilities of Temerity to the Customer defined in Article 4 of
this agreement.

c) Consulting Services.  In order to aid the process of configuration,
installation and possible customization of the Software to suit
Customer's needs, forty (40) hours of either on-site or remote
consulting services will be provided to Customer by a trained
representative of Temerity free of charge within the first thirty (30)
days from Delivery of the Software.  Additional consulting services,
beyond the first forty (40) hours, may be contracted from Temerity at an
hourly rate negotiated with Temerity at the time of service.

d) INSTALLATION LOCATION. Use of the License shall be limited to one
local area network at the Original Site. Relocation of the Software may
only be done with the express prior written consent of Temerity.

e) LICENSES NON-TRANSFERABLE.  Licenses shall not be transferred
without the prior written consent of Temerity, which may be granted or
withheld in Temerity's sole and absolute discretion. If such transfer is
authorized, Customer agrees to provide any and all information
reasonably requested by Temerity relating to such transfer and Customer
shall promptly execute and/or have executed by the proposed transferee
any and all documentation provided by Temerity required to effect such
transfer.

f) BACK UP INSTALLATIONS. In the event of a major malfunction causing
the specified computer hardware on which the Software has been installed
to become inoperable for an extended period of time, Customer may
install the Software on a back-up system on a temporary basis during
such malfunction. Customer agrees to promptly notify Temerity of any
such back-up use and specify the location of the back up system.

g) INTERNAL USE ONLY.  Customer may use the Software only in connection
with operation and management of Customer's own internal business,
subject to the terms hereof. Customer is not authorized to grant
sublicenses to use the Software nor to permit other persons to use the
Software on a time-sharing or any other basis.

h) CUSTOMER RESPONSIBILITIES.  Customer shall be exclusively
responsible for the supervision, management and control of its use of
the Software, including, but not limited to: (i) selection of the
Software to achieve Customer's intended results; (ii) determining the
appropriate use and establishing the limitations of the Software in
Customer's operations; (iii) assuring operation of the Software by
qualified, trained personnel, in the specified computer environment,
including proper machine hardware configuration and operating system
software; (iv) assuring proper operating methods; (v) establishing
adequate back-up plans to prevent loss of data in the event of a
malfunction of the Software; and (vi) implementing sufficient procedures
and checkpoints to satisfy its requirements for security and to assure
accuracy of input and output.

i) LICENSE TERMINATION ON NON-PAYMENT. Temerity reserves the right to
terminate the License upon written notice if Customer fails to pay
either Reseller or Temerity for the License pursuant to the terms of the
Order.


          ARTICLE 3 - PROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY MATERIAL

a) OWNERSHIP.  Temerity and/or its suppliers and/or its licensors
retain all right, title, and interest in and to all Proprietary Material
(including, without limitation, all rights under any applicable
copyrights, patents, trademarks and trade secrets) and to all copies
thereof made by Customer.

b) REVERSE ENGINEERING.  Customer shall not reverse compile, reverse
engineer or disassemble the Software, except to the extent that Temerity
is not permitted by law to exclude or limit such rights. Customer shall
not use the Software for the purpose of developing, modifying or
improving a software product without the express prior written consent
of Temerity.  Any attempt to reverse compile, reverse engineer or
disassemble the Software will be considered to be a fraudulent act by
the Customer.

c) PROPRIETARY MATERIAL CONFIDENTIAL.  Customer acknowledges that the
Proprietary Material is confidential and constitutes a valuable asset of
Temerity and/or its suppliers and/or licensors and shall not disclose,
publish, display or otherwise make available to any persons any of the
Proprietary Material or copies thereof without Temerity's prior written
consent.

d) LIMITATION ON REPRODUCTION.  Customer shall not copy or reproduce
any of the Proprietary Material, except: (i) in the ordinary course of
exercising its rights hereunder; (ii) for back up purposes; or (iii)
with the express prior written consent of Temerity.

e) LIMITATION OF ACCESS, DISCLOSURE AND USE.  Customer shall not use
any Proprietary Material for any purpose not specifically authorized in
this Agreement. Customer shall limit the use of and access to the
Software and other Proprietary Material to its /bona fide /employees
and/or consultants whose use of or access to such Proprietary Material
is necessary to Customer's use of the Software (in accordance with the
terms hereof) and Customer shall take appropriate action, by agreement,
instruction or otherwise, to protect the Proprietary Material from
unauthorized publication, disclosure, or use.

f) NOTICES. Customer shall not remove any copyright, intellectual
property or proprietary rights notice(s) included in or on any
Proprietary Material and shall reproduce all such notices on any
permitted copies made of any Proprietary Material.

g) INSPECTION.  Temerity shall have the right to inspect, upon
reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, any Customer
location at which any Proprietary Material is used or kept to ensure or
confirm compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

h) IRREPARABLE HARM.  Customer acknowledges and agrees that in the
event of any breach of its obligations under this Article, Temerity will
suffer irreparable harm of a nature that is not compensable by damages
otherwise available and Temerity shall be entitled to seek injunctive or
other equitable relief on an expedited basis.


               ARTICLE 4 - WARRANTY AND LIABILITY

a) LIMITED WARRANTY.  During the Warranty Period and subject to the
provisions of this Article, Temerity warrants as follows: (i) the media
upon which the Software is provided to Customer, if any, shall be free
of material defect; and (ii) the Software shall reasonably conform to
the specifications contained in the Software documentation furnished to
Customer.

b) REMEDIES.  Temerity's sole responsibility under the limited warranty
provided for in Article 4(a) shall be, at its election, to: (i) replace
the media upon which the Software has been provided to Customer,
provided that Customer first returns the allegedly defective media to
Temerity; (ii) correct or replace the Software or that portion of the
Software that fails to conform with the provided specification; or (iii)
refund the purchase price paid by Customer for the License.

c) DISQUALIFYING EVENTS.  Customer acknowledges and agrees that the
limited warranty provided in Article 4(a) shall be invalidated, and
Customer shall have no claim whatsoever thereunder, if: (i) Customer
fails to report in writing to Temerity any defect or error claimed to be
a breach of warranty during the Warranty Period; (ii) the Software or
the media upon which the Software is provided is misused; (iii) the
Software or the media upon which the Software is provided is damaged,
altered or affected by accident, neglect, misuse or other abuse; (iv)
the claimed defect or error has been caused, in whole or in part, by
persons other than Temerity; or (v) if the Software has been installed
on a system that has not been certified by Temerity as compatible with
the Software at the time of acceptance of the Order.

d) THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 4 IS THE ONLY WARRANTY
MADE BY TEMERITY WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE AND/OR THE LICENSE.
TEMERITY MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR ARISING BY
CUSTOM OR TRADE USAGE, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

e) IN NO EVENT SHALL TEMERITY'S AND/OR TEMERITY'S AFFILIATES' TOTAL
AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE
SOFTWARE AND/OR THE LICENSES EXCEED THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY CUSTOMER
FOR THE LICENSES HEREUNDER. IN NO EVENT SHALL TEMERITY BE LIABLE TO
CUSTOMER FOR SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY,
CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY CLAIMS RELATING TO LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS OR
OPPORTUNITIES, EVEN IF TEMERITY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE.


                 ARTICLE 5 - TERM AND TERMINATION

a) TERM.  This Agreement takes effect on the date on which the Order is
received and accepted by Temerity or a Reseller and shall remain in
effect unless terminated as provided herein. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event that the Software is provided to Customer for
evaluation and/or demonstration purposes this Agreement shall be
effective from the date such Software is provided to Customer until the
date of termination of such evaluation or demonstration, as determined
by Temerity in its sole and absolute discretion.

b) TERMINATION.  If Customer shall fail to perform or be in breach of
any of its obligations hereunder, Temerity may terminate this Agreement
and the License provided hereunder, by giving written notice of
termination to Customer, which shall be effective immediately upon its
sending. This Agreement and the License granted hereunder shall
terminate automatically and without notice if Customer should cease to
carry on its business as a going concern in the ordinary course,
including any act or omission constituting bankruptcy, the appointment
of a trustee, liquidator or receiver for the assets of Customer, or the
taking advantage of any legislation providing protection of Customer
from its creditors.

c) CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION.  Within five (5) days after any
termination of this Agreement, Customer shall, at Temerity's election,
deliver or destroy all Proprietary Material, including all copies
thereof, within its possession, custody or control. Customer shall
delete or destroy any and all such Proprietary Material that is stored
in any computer software or storage facility that, for any reason,
cannot be delivered to Temerity. Customer expressly represents and
warrants that it shall delete or destroy any and all such information
and data that is subsequently detected or discovered. An executive
officer of Customer shall certify in writing to Temerity that all
Proprietary Material has been so destroyed or returned. Articles 1, 3,
4, 5(c) and 6 hereof shall survive any termination of this Agreement.


                  ARTICLE 6 - GENERAL PROVISIONS

a) ENTIRE AGREEMENT, SEVERANCE.  This Agreement sets forth the entire
agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof. Neither party shall be bound by or be liable for any
alleged representation, promise, inducement or statement of intention
not set forth herein and no waiver, alteration, modification, or
cancellation of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding
unless made in writing and signed by the parties. Any provisions of the
Order that are in any way inconsistent with or in addition to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement shall not be binding upon Temerity and
Temerity's failure to object to any such provision or processing or
acceptance of such Order shall not be construed as a waiver of the terms
and conditions of this Agreement nor as an acceptance of any such
provisions. The failure of either party to require performance of any
provision hereof shall not affect the right at a later time to enforce
such provision. In the event that one or more of the provisions
contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any respect, no other provisions contained
in the Agreement shall be affected.

b) EVALUATION OR DEMONSTRATION LICENSES.  In the event that the
Software is provided to Customer for evaluation and/or demonstration
purposes Articles 2(b), 2(c), 4(a), 4(b) and 4(c) shall not apply. All
Software provided for evaluation and/or demonstration purposes is
provided "as is" and without warranties, support or consulting services
of any kind.

c) GOVERNING LAW AND NOTICE.  This Agreement shall be governed and
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida and the
United States Code, where the Federal law takes precedence, for purposes
of any action commenced under this Agreement or in relation thereto. No
"choice of law" rules of any jurisdiction, including Florida, shall
apply to this Agreement. Any dispute under this agreement shall be
submitted to arbitration under the arbitration rules and the laws of the
State of Florida which govern voluntary binding arbitration.

THE PARTIES UNDERSTAND THAT BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, THEY GIVE UP THE
RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTES RESOLVED BY A JUDGE OR JURY TRIAL.

Customer agrees to comply with the export laws and regulations, as
applicable of Canada (national and provincial), the United States
(federal and local) and of any other applicable jurisdiction with
respect to the acquisition, receipt and shipment of the Software. Notice
or delivery of any document required or permitted to be given hereunder
shall be made by certified mail, return receipt requested, and by fax to
the attention of Registered Agent, Temerity Software Inc., 475 Central
Ave. #300, St. Petersburg, Florida 33701. Notice shall be deemed
received on the third day after proper delivery by certified mail,
except a notice of termination governed by Article 5(b), which shall be
deemed delivered as provided by Article 5(b). Notice to Customer
hereunder shall be made to the address given by the customer in this
agreement.

d) HEADINGS.  Article headings used in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not be used in the interpretation of this Agreement.

f) ENNUREMENT.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and ennure to the
benefit of the parties and their respective successors, permitted
assigns and legal representatives, provided, however that the rights and
obligations of Customer hereunder may not be assigned, sublicensed or
otherwise transferred, in whole or in part, without the prior written
consent of Temerity, which may be granted or withheld by Temerity in its
sole and absolute discretion.
